Free Nitro Method 1:
This method requires Paypal
Step 1) Your PP's balance must have at least the amount of the nitro that you wish to get
Step 2) Create another dummy Discord account
Step 3) Using this dummy account and buy the nitro you want as a "GIFT"
Step 4) Copy the gift link and redeem it on the account that you want to have Nitro
Step 5) When Nitro is going to expire, go to your Paypal and chargeback
Step 6) Doing this will remove your nitro away but there will be no ban on the account and possibly ban the Dummy account
Rinse and repeat.
 
Free Nitro Method 2:
1. Create a new discord account on mobile app

2. Join a few public servers, add a few people etc.

3. Purchase Nitro Gift for 1 month on this dummy account, and send the gift to your main account.
   
Note, this purchase should be made through Apple

4. Redeem it on your main account.

5. Wait about 1 day and then contact Apple saying that you don't know what this $10 charge
   on "Discord" is and that your kid / little brother has been buying things on your phone.

6. Apple will refund the payment, and Discord will most likely ban your dummy discord account after a few times.
 
Notes:
-Your main account should be safe, I've done it for about 4 months but who knows if they will catch on.
 -If you plan to repeat this, I would make new apple ID's as well as use different payment methods. ie not
 the same debit card / paypal account. Switch it up!
 
Unlimited Nitro:
1.) Head to this website and tick DATA and CCV2 this allows us to see the secret code
and the expiry date etc. (https://bestccgen.com/namso-ccgen//)
 
2.) In the BIN section paste this exact code in (5538902xxxxxxxxx). Once you have done this
enter for the amount (100) and then click generate.
 
3.) Once you have clicked the generate button a whole lot of numbers should come up,
copy all the numbers in the box and paste it into this checker which you can find on this
link. (https://mrchecker.net/card/ccn2//)
 
4.) Then you want to click sumbit on the checker so it starts chechking. Below the checker you should
find a LIVE section which allows you to see the working ones you want to copy one of the working cards
and add that as a payment method and then it will renew your nitro using that payment method, in other
words you will have unlimited nitro. But you must have a nitro subscription before doing this method.
 
5.) If you don't know how to add a payment method head to your settings click billing and then add payment method,
then you want to type in a card using one of the LIVE working cards on the checker, also for a name and address use
this link to generate a random person. Leave the address 2 blank the one which says (optional) considering you dont
have to actually put anything in that box. Also make sure you put the country to United Kingdom, due to the address 
being from their. (https://www.fakeaddressgenerator.com/...)
 
6.) After all these steps and once you have added it as a payment method you have completed the method meaning
you can't purchase nitro or purchase gifts it just keeps renewing the nitro you have so this will keep on renewing itself
not charging you a single penny!
 
Free Nitro Method 4:
1. Go to – https://www.xbox.com…-for-windows-10 and click download the app.
2. Once the file is downloaded, run it. It should ask you to install it, install it.
3. Once you’ve installed the app, if it hasn’t already opened, open it.
4. You should be asked to log in, click create an account and use fake information, make sure you use @outlook.com so you don’t have to verify the email.
5. You will be asked to make a gamer tag, put whatever it doesn’t matter. Proceed with the sign up.
6. Now click the Game Pass text at the top of the screen, click get game pass, join game pass.
7. IMPORTANT, make sure you click join under Xbox Game Pass Ultimate. It should be the option on the right.
8. Now just purchase it, it costs 1$, but don’t worry. We’ll get our money back later.
9. Now go back to the Game Pass tab, and click on Perks.
10. If you scroll down to the bottom, you should see Discord, click that.
11. Now just click the get link button, it should open your browser just copy that, and do what you want with it.
 
GETTING MONEY BACK:
12. Go to – https://account.micr…t.com/services/ and login with the account you previously created to buy the game pass on.
13. Under Game Pass Ultimate, you should see 9.99 Monthly or something like that, on the right. Click cancel subscription. Follow through with it.
14. Stop once you see a screen asking you if you would like to end the subscription when the billing period ends, or get money back. Click cancel now and get a full refund.
 
TIPS/TRICKS:
You can sell the invite links.
You can buy Xbox Game Pass trials from websites like g2a for cheaper
It won’t work if you claimed this promotion before.
